Explain cleanup of Not Synced messages (#342)
owncloud/docs-client-desktop: modules/ROOT/pages/faq.adoc

:wordpress1-url: http://petersteier.wordpress.com/2011/10/22/windows-indexer-changes-modification-dates-of-eml-files/
:user_manual_quota: https://doc.owncloud.com/server/next/user_manual/files/webgui/quota.html

> :description: Here you can find some of the most frequently asked questions about the ownCloud Desktop App.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:description: Here you can find some of the most frequently asked questions about the ownCloud Desktop app.
```

----
echo 524288 > /proc/sys/fs/inotify/max_user_watches.
----

== Messages in the 'Not Synced' Tab

> When the Desktop App syncronizes, it clears the message list in the btn:[Not Synced] tab before each syncronisation starts and prints the result of the current syncronisation to the tab during processing. After a full sync, incremental syncs are made and only content that is not in sync is processed. Therefore, any messages listed that got resolved do no longer appear.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the Desktop App synchronizes, it clears the message list in the btn:[Not Synced] tab before each synchronization starts and prints the result of the current synchronization to the tab during processing. After a full sync, incremental syncs are made and only content that is not in sync is processed. Therefore, any listed messages  that got resolved no longer appear.
```
